Changes for release2.3.0 (#399)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

- [#340](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/340),[#368](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/368),[#373](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/373) - Update to nf-core 2.7.2 `TEMPLATE` (by @jfy133, @d4straub, @skrakau)
- [#373](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/373) - Removed parameter `--enable_conda`. Updated local modules to new conda syntax and updated nf-core modules (by @skrakau)
- [#385](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/385) - CAT also now runs on unbinned contigs as well as binned contigs (added by @jfy133)

> - [#399](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/399/files) - Removed BUSCO_PLOT process, which generated undocumented BUSCO plots (`*.busco_figure.png`) (by @skrakau).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#399](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/399/files) - Removed undocumented BUSCO_PLOT process (previously generated `*.busco_figure.png` plots unsuitable for metagenomics) (by @skrakau).
```

Or something like that, I suggested putting undocumented earlier to emphasise it was never _really_ supported as it wasn't a documented output ;)
